This guide is still a work in pogress, please wait a few days until it is complete 




Preparation:
------------
Remove the old toolhead from the printer.

Use a m3 screw to drag the m3 hex nuts into their fixtures.
If you do not use a z probe you do not need the 3 bottom ones in the mounting plate

Assemble the Hotend by inserting the heater and thermistor into the heating block.
Screw the Heating block onto the Extruder barrel. If it is at a weird angle you can turn it around ans crew it on the other way. If the grub screws need to be on the bottom to have it align properly you can cut a bit of the insulation of the thermistor away to push it in further. Be careful not to cut the wires though.
You can screw in the nozzle at this point though that can also be done once its fully assembled.

Press the Inlet Rotor on top of the Pellet screw as far down as possible.
Make sure it is aligned right next to the inlet. 
After that you can already put the coupler on the screw and tighten it down as much as possible.
I suggest getting some torx screws to allow better tightening without stripping the screw.
The coupler uses m2.5x8 screws.


Press the Pellet hose connector on the pellet hose adapter.
If your pellet hose is already the correct size you can also screw the pellet hose connector on it already, but you can also wait till the whole printhead is assembled.

Assembly: 
------------
You can use the pictures in the pics folder for reference. 

Step one: 	Screw the Motor plate to the Motor with 4 m3x6-8 screws.
		Make sure you have the motor oriented the way you want it as you will not be able to chnage this later.

Step two: 	Screw the Hotend Barrel into the Hotend fixture with 4 m4x8-12 screws.
		Make sure the heating block is pointing backwards.
		You might need to screpe a bit of material out of the printed part to fit the hotend properly.
		Look through the holes of the Fixture to lighn the holes upproperly.
		Be carful when screwing the scrws in to make sure everything is aligned properly so that you do not damage the threads of the Barrel.

Step three: 	Put the pellet screw in the hotend barrel. You need to have the rotor facing the front for this.
		Use 4 m3x50 screws to connect the hotend fixture to the funnel, 
		pellet reservoir and motor plate and tighten them down.
		Tighten the motor side of the coupler as much as you can, as said earlier. 
		I recommend getting torx screws to not have an issue with stripping them.

Step four:	Use 2 m3x18-20 screws to moun theHotend fan to the left side of the printhead.

Step five:	Mount the 2 parts of the hotend cooling duct to the Printhead using 2 m3x6-10 screws.

Step six:	Connect the 2 parts of the Part cooling duct with 2 m3x6-10 screws

Step seven:	Mount the part cooling duct on the printhead woth 2 m3x6-10 screws.

Step eight:	Screw the part cooling fan to the Printhead with 3 m3x18-20 screws.

Step nine: 	Screw the back latch fixture to the mounting plate with 2 m3x8 srew

Step ten:	If you are using a z probe mount the Z-probe to the Z-probe mount and screw it to the mounting plate.
		There are different screws used for this, consult the BOM to find out wich ones you need.

Step eleven:	Mount the Mounting plate to the printhead. 
		Depending on your printer this needs different screws, consult the BOM for this.

Step twelve:	Mount the printhead to the mounting plate.
		Set it on the bottom hook first and then rotate it back flat onto the mounting plate.
		secure it in theis position with the back latch.

Step thirteen:	Screw the printhead to the mounting plate with 3 m3x10 screws.
		You should use shims for these screws to not damage the printed parts.
		After this step you can remove the back latch and the back latch fixture.
		This allows you to pull out the screw with the motor and motor plate 
		without completely disassembling the printhead.
		You just loosen the 4 m3x5 screws from the bottom until they are pulled out of the motor plate. 
		Then you can lift the motor up while the hotend is hot.
		if there is material in the screw pull it out as fast as possible as the molten plastics otherwise 
		can cool down in the cold zone of the extruder barrel causing the screw to get stuck.

Step fourteen:	First insert the bottom front and bucket front parts into the hole on the front of the printhead.
		Then secure them with the lower and upper front latches. 
		If you need a lot of force to push the latches in sand them down a bit first.
		You can also screw the bucket lid on the bucket front at this point if you want. 
		You can also wait until just befor or during the first print so that you can directly look at the screw.

Step fifteen:	Insert the Pellet hose connector into its place on the right side of the printhead.
		After that secure it with the top latch. 
		Be careful to not use too much force for this.
		Consider sanding it down istead as the holes in the motor plate are one of the weakest parts on the printhead.


Congrats! The printhead is now fully assembled!

If you notice any issues with this guide, have any questions or need clarifications
please contact me, preferably in the Greenboy3D discord @alx1234 or alternatively via email at alx.3dp@gmail.com